doc: NCS 3.4.0 Release Notes (#29095)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/ncs_release_model/lts_releases.rst

.. _lts_releases:

Long-term support releases
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> Long-term support (LTS) releases are :ref:`standard |NCS| releases <standard_releases>` with at least five years of support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long-term support (LTS) releases are :ref:`standard nRF Connect SDK releases <standard_releases>` with at least five years of support.
```
shortcut is not expanding in the preview
